[move-ide] Added tracing command (#20314)
MystenLabs/sui: external-crates/move/crates/move-analyzer/editors/code/README.md

2. Open the command palette (`⇧` + `⌘` + `P` on macOS, or use the menu item *View > Command Palette...*) and
   type **Extensions: Install Extensions**. This will open a panel named *Extensions* in the
   sidebar of your Visual Studio Code window.

> 3. In the search bar labeled *Search Extensions in Marketplace*, type **Mysten**. The Move extension

Reviewer: Could we use the full extension name, `mysten.move`?

Also, I feel like typically, the documented path is Command-P `ext install mysten.move`.

Author: `mysten.move` is a unique identifier for this extension but it's not really featured on the extension's landing page, which I think would make it confusing if we used it in the docs

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bda6d4bc-deae-4afa-a0f8-6ee5978ae0e3)

> Also, I feel like typically, the documented path is Command-P ext install mysten.move

Tried this but it did not work for me... The procedure we list (inherited from the old extension) is pretty foolproof I'd think and only have to be done once (unless you heard complaints from developers that this did not work for them in which case we should certainly adjust it)

the pre-built move-analyzer binary is not available for your platform or if you want to use move-analyzer
binary stored in a different location.

If you want to build, test, and trace Move code using the extension, you must install the `sui` binary on
your machine - see [here](https://docs.sui.io/guides/developer/getting-started/sui-install) for
instructions. The extension assumes that the `sui` binary is in your system path, but you can set
its custom location location using VSCode's settings (`⌘` + `,` on macOS, or use the menu item *Code >
Preferences > Settings*). Search for the `move.sui.path` user setting, set it to the new location of
the `sui` binary, and restart VSCode.

> In order to trace Move code execution, the `sui` binary must be built with the `tracing` feature flag.

Reviewer: We have no way of the user checking this outside of looking at the version?

Author: One can build a given version with and without the feature flag. The way to check it is to run the tracing command and see if it failed. I added an additional explanation along these lines

the pre-built move-analyzer binary is not available for your platform or if you want to use move-analyzer
binary stored in a different location.

If you want to build, test, and trace Move code using the extension, you must install the `sui` binary on
your machine - see [here](https://docs.sui.io/guides/developer/getting-started/sui-install) for
instructions. The extension assumes that the `sui` binary is in your system path, but you can set
its custom location location using VSCode's settings (`⌘` + `,` on macOS, or use the menu item *Code >
Preferences > Settings*). Search for the `move.sui.path` user setting, set it to the new location of
the `sui` binary, and restart VSCode.

In order to trace Move code execution, the `sui` binary must be built with the `tracing` feature flag.

> If your version of the `sui` binary was not built with this feature flag, an attempt to trace test
> execution will fail. In this case you may have to build the `sui` binary from source following these
> [instructions](https://docs.sui.io/guides/developer/getting-started/sui-install#install-sui-binaries-from-source).

Reviewer 2: Nit, consider:

```suggestion
If your version of the `sui` binary was not built with this feature flag, an attempt to trace test
execution will fail. In this case you can either install the `sui` binary using homebrew of chocolatey using these [instructions](LINK FILL ME IN), or build the `sui` binary from source following these
[instructions](https://docs.sui.io/guides/developer/getting-started/sui-install#install-sui-binaries-from-source).
```

Reviewer: This would be the releant link: https://docs.sui.io/guides/developer/getting-started/sui-install#install-homebrew

Author: I was avoiding linking directly to brew/chocolatey install instructions as I don't know if these distros are already available with the feature flag enabled. If someone can confirm that indeed they are, then we should definitely do this
